release: v1.50.0 (#5556)
apollographql/router: .changesets/fix_geal_fix_cache_control_age_caculation.md

> ### Entity cache: fix Cache-Control aggregation and age calculation ([PR #5463](https://github.com/apollographql/router/pull/5463))
> 
> This ensures the `max-age` or `s-max-age` fields of the `Cache-Control` header returned to the client are calculated properly, and proper default values are set if a subgraph does not send back a `Cache-Control` header. This also makes sure the header is always aggregated, even if the plugin is disabled entirely or for a specific subgraph.

Reviewer: @Geal suggestion to increase readability by using bullet points:
(Feel free to tweak words if I haven't captured things accurately.)

```suggestion
### Fix Cache-Control aggregation and age calculation in entity caching ([PR #5463](https://github.com/apollographql/router/pull/5463))

Enhances the reliability of caching behaviors in the entity cache feature by:

- Ensuring the proper calculation of `max-age` and `s-max-age` fields in the `Cache-Control` header sent to clients.
- Setting appropriate default values if a subgraph does not provide a `Cache-Control` header.
- Guaranteeing that the `Cache-Control` header is aggregated consistently, even if the plugins is disabled entirely or on specific subgraphs.
```
